I live ap
from the mold a popular vote let us dream
or when we have it where the charente
we begin
even measure our mill we check that little paper is big enough
attack
pact
we position the mold not
as of last November 30th
we see markets
the corners
with a pair of scissors we cut the English chac until every time
left front
to mark it must
this conflict to mark the dead
you do not have any more
his skin is very proud
inside your mold
the parchment paper lp of the high-knots thought so far to put in
height
as part of a series that you want to unmold
for those of the heroes
we draw the bottom of the mold
On paper
you have to pay a fine the width of your mold
I cut with a pair of scissors
attention or a concert a little bit other appropriating measure on
outside I take my sheet of paper that I applied
at the bottom of my mill
first to peugeot comes to help you
when you launched your dough inside the mold the paper goes
stick to the walls
for there is
ap
j